Add more articles (#281)
Automattic/Gravatar-SDK-iOS: Sources/Gravatar/Gravatar.docc/UploadingAvatar.md

#  Uploading an Avatar

Let a user to update their avatar.

You can provide a way to upload a new avatar for your users who have a Gravatar account.

> At the moment, Gravatar uses WordPress.com OAuth2 access token. Thus, you need a WordPress.com access token to update a user's avatar. Check out [the documentation](https://developer.wordpress.com/docs/oauth2/) to find more about how to get consent ffrom the user and how to retrive an access token. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment, Gravatar uses WordPress.com OAuth2 access token. Thus, you need a WordPress.com access token to update a user's avatar. Check out [the documentation](https://developer.wordpress.com/docs/oauth2/) to find more about how to get consent from the user and how to retrieve an access token. 
```

Small typo
